["Falling in Love. Falling Apart"
by Peter Groenwald playing]
♪ Or is this just the start ♪
♪ Are we falling in love? ♪
♪ Or are we falling apart ♪
♪ Are we falling in love ♪
-[people chattering]
-[upbeat music playing]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
I remember this. Don't tell me.
"Feeling like shit" steak and eggs.
Yep. that's what they're called.
[sighs]
I'm sorry.
For what?
Don't do that. okay?
I didn't know he was coming.
And if he hadn't come.
were you ever going to tell me?
Yeah. I was going to tell you.
But you know what? I didn't have to.
Thanks. Annie.
You threw in the towel.
You did.
We're two adults living different lives.
I was living mine. you were living yours.
My life didn't lead to a ring.
You see me wearing a ring. asshole?
What does that mean?
Means I didn't know what to say.
I still don't know what to say.
I didn't expect this to happen.
That really softens the blow.
How could I forget what a child you are?
You were busy.
[Quinn] Mm.
It's a little creepy. isn't it?
I mean. flying all the way out here
just to profess his love.
It's what you should have done.
[gentle contemplative music playing]
[music stops]
Good morning.
I can't believe you're here.
I know.
I just couldn't handle the long distance.
[Quinn chuckles]
We've been apart for 18 hours.
-18 hours of pure agony.
-[chuckles]
Look. I know it's only been…
Six months. but I just…
I just know.
I see our lives together.
In New York.
I can quit the Philharmonic
and become a cowboy.
You on a horse. Good Lord.
No. No. no.
-My hands are only good for two things.
-Oh. yeah?
Cello.
-And?
-And. uh…
[gentle contemplative music continues]
Oliver. I'm sorry. I know you probably
pictured last night going differently.
No. hey. It's all right.
You said you needed time. Just… take it.
I don't need an answer until you know.
Okay.
Thank you.
Yeah.
No.
-What?
-I have to go to work.
-Now?
-Mm-hm.
Can we pick this back up a little later?
Absolutely.
You go to work. and…
I'll just be here. in your bed.
Naked.
You're naked under there?
More than just naked.
That is so unfair.
Go on. then.
Off to work you go.
[music fades]
Look out! Fancy Yancy.
Oh. don't be so grumpy.
You got played. handsome. It happens.
Easy to lose your edge. isn't it?
A little bun in the oven?
Enough. All right?
You are not getting one brick
of this place. not a curl of dust.
Mm. I think one or two curls
might be coming my way.
I'm not selling this ranch. Sidney.
I don't care what game
you think you won. Not happening.
It wasn't a game. Yancy.
Not to me.
But I'll never be your girl again. will I?
So I guess I will have
to be your nightmare.
The doe-eyed wife who hung around hoping.
only to get cheated on for her troubles.
-Sidney.
-Think a judge won't see it my way?
I'm going to the bank. all right?
I'm going right now.
Going to take out a second mortgage
and get your walking away money.
But then… you walk away.
That's the deal.
All right.
All right. But that cash
better stack up to the moon.
I got your nuts in my hand. babe.
Don't make me squeeze.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[Dan] Shit. Damn boots.
[knocking]
[Lauren] Morning. Dad.
Good morning. sweetheart. How'd you sleep?
Not great.
Everything okay?
How's Mom?
Uh. hanging in there. best she can.
Started a book club. got all the inmates
reading something called romantasy.
That's good. I'm happy to hear that.
She would love to see you. you know.
Whenever you're ready.
Are you okay?
Still working through it.
Yeah.
Your mother made her choices.
She did.
Still. I knew how unhappy she was
and how bad she wanted out.
She was something in high school. Lauren.
Had such big dreams.
[melancholic music playing]
Sometimes I think that my sentence
is wondering who she might have been
if I hadn't…
All we can do is look forward. darling.
Yep.
You're right. Dad.
[music fades]
[indistinct chatter]
Why are you parking?
I wanted to tell you before now. but...
You went to Staten behind my back?
-I didn't...
-After I told you not to.
I didn't go to Staten. I went to Sam.
Can we do this later?
I don't want to be late on day one.
[quiet dramatic music playing]
[cow mooing]
[music fades]
All this mesquite and shit.
I want it gone.
We'll start here. clear this whole
section. all along the creek bed. okay?
All due respect. Senator. that land's
still recovering from pipeline drought.
Tear it up now.
you won't get grass. you'll get dust.
Well. like I said. Jake. call me Sam.
As in. "We're on it. Sam."
I'll gas up the Bobcat.
Probably knock out a dozen acres by dusk.
Thank you.
Forget the dust.
That's native pasture in there.
Root plowing will scar the land.
drive out wildlife.
kill any shot for native grass long term.
[Sam] Hm.
Kit. do me a favor.
Put your brother on a leash.
Yes. sir.
In the last few months. I can't shake the
feeling that y'all think you know better.
that Staten knows better.
Well. gone are the days.
Kit here is the new blood.
He represents me.
If you want your wages. you remember that.
Remember what?
-Why is the grapple on the skid steer?
-Glad you could make it.
We're reseeding.
Herd's about to get
a lot bigger. [chuckles]
The hell's he doing here?
Well. he's working for me.
Is that a problem?
-Let me talk to you...
-Staten.
Take a lap with me.
Come on. boss.
[quiet dramatic music playing]
[bluesy rock music playing]
-Bro!
-[sighs]
Bro! What the hell is going on?
-You're pregnant. for starters.
-Which you knew.
[chuckles] Which I knew.
What I didn't know
was that Britain's sexiest man alive
was flying in
to propose to my best friend.
How's he taking the non-answer?
What? "I need a little time"
is definitely a non-answer.
I do need time. I was being honest.
Oliver's…
Amazing. okay? He is.
And our time in Brooklyn together
was amazing. too.
We played shows together.
We went to jazz clubs at night.
We took the train. ate oysters.
We partied out. like proper partied
with poets and painters and…
[sighs]
It was so much fun.
But my heart is here. It always has been.
I told him that. He knew.
-And then Staten…
-Mm.
[groans] Staten!
Who. in true to form.
realized what a dipshit he was
and wants another shot. now.
Great. Hot men everywhere.
I can't give Oliver an answer.
Not with my mom trying to sell the house.
this town drying up before our eyes...
Okay… Stop.
And breathe.
It's okay.
You're okay.
We're going to figure this out.
I'm supposed to be saying that to you.
Oh. you will. Plenty of time.
Just tell me Yancy's divorcing that girl
before this beautiful baby comes.
I mean.
he's trying. as we speak.
When did Cap buy a plot of land?
Looks like the sale went through
about seven months ago.
A month before he died.
You didn't get any mail. notification
of the refinance. property taxes?
It's possible. There's been so much
estate stuff coming through that I could…
Sorry. did you say property taxes?
You owe six months of back taxes.
[Yancy] Tell me I'm missing something.
Well. if you are. I'm missing it too.
This whole thing is overgrazed. eroded…
It's run dry by that pipeline.
Worthless.
Glass half empty. yeah.
Why would he refinance Fuller
to free up cash and buy this?
I don't know.
I never knew Cap to make a bad investment.
Maybe that tact dulled more
than we even realized.
What are you gonna do?
I don't know.
Start by selling cattle
at the auction tomorrow.
Hold on.
-How many?
-Hundred?
Yancy. it's… [clicks teeth]
That's gonna tank you.
What am I supposed to do?
No one but you knows the shit I'm in now.
Sid's got me over a barrel.
I gotta pay her off and get her out.
There's something else
you're not telling me.
Ellie's pregnant.
-Whoa.
-Yeah.
-Okay. [chuckles]
-Yep.
Congratulations.
You're gonna be a daddy.
[contemplative music playing]
Thank you. Yeah.
I gotta figure this out.
Protect my kid's future.
That's the only thing that matters.
[lively music playing on TV]
What's this?
Love Island.
I mean. it's absolute shit to the UK
version. but… it does the job.
Why are your bags packed?
[inhales deeply] Um…
Because I'm leaving.
Look. I…
I meant everything I said.
and it's all still on the table.
Now. it's all…
It's still very much on the table.
I just… need time to think.
I have the conservatory
in a few weeks. so…
I'm just gonna go back
and pray to the gods of Love Island
that someday very soon
you'll follow me back.
You're not going to New York.
Tickets are booked.
I don't care.
[chuckles faintly]
[gentle guitar music playing]
You have to hear something.
[animal sounds]
[Quinn exhales deeply]
Just listen.
[animal sounds continue]
It's like a symphony.
[Quinn] Mm-hm.
Yeah.
["There Are No Words"
by Andrew Belle playing]
♪ I know it hurts ♪
♪ Good things will end ♪
♪ All things are light ♪
♪ Pure and undignified ♪
["There Are No Words" ends]
-Does this grudge have a timeline?
-Anywhere but Double K.
-You had to go there.
-I looked.
I told you that.
For three damn months
after Davis cashed out. I looked.
You hate me being there.
At least I can keep an eye on you now.
-Keep an eye on me?
-Yes.
Sam was this close
to canning your ass yesterday.
You're welcome.
I need you to cover for me at the auction.
Sam needs a couple hands.
-Hell no. I'm not going.
-Yes. you are.
The man's an idiot! He's going to ruin
Double K like he ruined this town!
-Everything that Staten fought...
-Enough!
Enough.
When are you going to start
looking out for yourself?
I know you look up to Staten. I get it.
But you have to see this thing
for what it is.
Sam Kirkland runs the show. period.
You want to stay on?
You better pick the right side.
Or what?
Where are you going?
I have my own marching orders.
Hi.
Excuse me.
Sorry.
Are you guys okay?
Yeah. it's just that this whole
working together thing isn't working.
But… it's fine. I'm fine.
How are you? What's up?
I'm going to go see my mom today.
Wow. today?
Yeah. uh. it's time. Um…
Just want to talk to her
and just get some questions answered.
Of course.
Oh. shit. you want me to come?
No. I mean. I was going to ask.
But no. it's fine. I can do it myself.
Besides. I heard part
of that fight outside.
And I am not going
to get you in trouble at work.
-Fuck work and fuck Kit. I'm coming.
-No. that's...
-Please. no. this is the least I could do.
-Stop. just no. okay?
Just…
Kit is right.
You have to look out for yourself.
[contemplative music playing]
[music stops]
-You going to that auction?
-Yeah. I am.
What's your plan?
Going to buy a shit load of cattle.
turn the Double K into the Four Sixes.
-Hm.
-You'd do it different. huh?
I didn't say that.
Yeah. you did. That shit-eating grin.
Hey. you do what you want. Pops.
Ah.
I hear that Yancy Grey's gotta sell.
That's a shame because I'm going
to get all his cattle for nothing.
No. no. no.
Leave that kid alone. hear me?
I'm asking you.
You knew Cap. He was your friend.
[sighs] I'm not friends with dead men.
Just Kit Russell then. is that it?
How could you let that son of a bitch on
our property? He killed your grandson.
Marge Brigman…
Killed my grandson.
Kit…
He's got a loyalty in him.
-something maybe you don't understand.
-[scoffs]
Now. I'm going to go to this auction.
You should sit this one out.
Take the day.
Think about how you fit in here.
If you can't play ball…
You should go find a hobby.
It's not a hobby.
Find a hobby. I'll find a hobby.
-[cows mooing]
-["Eagle Birds" by The Black Keys playing]
♪ Feel you simmer down ♪
♪ In the pan ♪
♪ Feed me dinner right out
Of your hand ♪
♪ Don't nobody wanna be lonely ♪
♪ Everybody oughta be loved sometime ♪
♪ So love me right ♪
♪ Woo ♪
[auctioneer] Welcome back.
It's been a doozy of a morning
at the Ransom Canyon Cattle Auction.
And bidding starts at $120. Now. $121
to the gentleman on my right hand.
Now. another $23. Now. $4. Now. $5.
Garrett. I hear
your daughter's applying for A&M.
If she wanna get in. you better
keep your goddamn hand down.
[auctioneer] Can we go higher?
And another $24 from Sam Kirkland.
-Now. $5. And now…
-[Yancy] Boys.
Yancy. Please tell me you're here to buy.
Gotta offload a herd of Angus.
[man] That's a shame.
-How come?
-Because Sam Kirkland's how come.
Rich prick needs a win to prove himself
to the Double K trustees.
So. here he is.
strong-arming every rancher.
promising back-end deals.
and undercutting every seller.
[auctioneer] Any other takers?
Going once. going twice.
and sold to Sam Kirkland
for 100 weight at $124.
[Oliver] It's just like
walking through Brooklyn.
[Quinn laughs]
-Don't sass my town.
-I'm not sassing your town. I love it.
It's just…
I can't believe that this place is real.
Hm. Well. believe it.
[horse snorts]
Hey. Davey.
Quinn.
This is Boone. Hey. Boone.
That is without doubt
the coolest thing I've ever seen.
Yeah.
Is that the Maeve's?
-[Quinn] Yeah.
-[Oliver] What happened to it?
AWP happened to it.
Tore up this whole town.
Well. I think this place
is every bit as charming
as you said it was.
[Quinn chuckles]
Yeah. maybe for now.
But… maybe my mom was right.
About what?
She wants to sell the farm.
-What?
-Yeah.
She wants to cash out.
She thinks this place is dying.
And maybe it is.
But what if I refused? Like…
What if I refused to let her sell it?
I mean. like I just held out?
Well. yeah. you could buy her out
and then take the money from the Phil.
What? My money from the Phil
went to Gracie's.
Hey…
You're gonna figure this out.
There was life here.
And I got to figure out
how to bring it back
before I do anything else.
Can you be patient?
-For you?
-Mm-hm.
Yeah.
Always.
[auctioneer] You don't see this
every day. a rarity here.
We've got a whopping 96 fabulous
black Angus off the Fuller Ranch.
represented now
by these four gorgeous animals.
Averaging 525 pounds apiece.
who will start me off at 350?
And 350. wasting no time. Sam K
with 350 a pop. looking now for 351.
And 350. going to the end. 350 now. one.
-Take a look at them premium steers.
-Come on.
[auctioneer] How about you. Garrett?
No other takers? No other takers?
350 is where we stay. No other offers.
This beautiful lot
will get over to Sam Kirkland.
-[Yancy sighs]
-Going once. going twice. and…
Hey now. 351.
Another Kirkland has entered the game.
That's bullshit! Double K has already bid!
No. you're Double K. I'm just
an interested third party buyer.
Oh. come on. Doug.
[auctioneer] Unless Mr. Grey objects.
Staten is correct. the bidding continues.
351 from Staten Kirkland.
352 from the Double K.
Staten with 353. by goll.
Do I hear 354.
-Sam with 354.
-Don't chase me. son.
-What are you doing?
-I'm buying your cows.
I appreciate you juicing your pop.
but you're going to tank this.
-He just bid 354. That's a real offer.
-So is this. [whistles]
[auctioneer] 355 from Staten.
Do I hear 356?
And 356 from Sam Kirkland.
I'll walk. Yancy. I will.
356 is where I stop.
It's final offer.
-[auctioneer] Will Staten answer?
-I need that money.
I know you do.
[auctioneer] Waiting now.
but the steam is fading. folks.
356 might do it.
Going once. going twice. and…
357 for Staten Kirkland!
Going once. going twice. and
sold for 357 to Staten Kirkland.
Don't go anywhere. We'll have the next
lots lined up and ready in just a few.
-Pay you back.
-No. You keep it. The cows. too.
What… Look. I know you wanted
to give the guy the finger. but...
I did. And I did.
That was for you. Yance. And Ellie.
All right?
Fuller Ranch will not fall.
and neither will mine. You understand?
We need each other to survive.
My old man would never understand that.
but Cap… Cap understood that.
[contemplative music playing]
And I say we just keep the spirit alive.
Yeah?
Hey.
[music fades]
-Think you're pretty smart. don't you?
-Nah.
Nah. I'm dumber
than a stack of shit-house bricks.
I must get it from my father's side.
-I told you not to come.
-And I told you to leave the kid alone.
You must be happy with yourself.
Wasting good money to make a point?
-Yeah. well. I got plenty of it.
-Mm.
Figured I'd. I don't know. find a hobby.
Yeah. [snickers]
[bluesy rock music playing]
Thought Double K had plenty of guys.
We do. for now. Sam's looking
to grow the footprint by a mile.
He's big on loyalty. Wants hands he can
count on. he's willing to pay for it.
I came to y'all boys first.
Think it over.
Anyone interested
can find me at the Double K.
Get you another one of those?
Uh. no. I'm okay. thanks.
You sure? You got to do something
to turn that frown upside down.
I'm Tony.
Hey. babe.
Sorry I'm late.
[Tony sighs]
Thanks for that.
What are you doing here?
[sighs] It beat seeing my mom today.
You went?
I tried. but couldn't even make it
past the visitor's gate.
[chuckles]
Swing and a miss.
Maybe we should get you...
I just sat outside and I…
Just I couldn't get over
how mad I still was. But…
Then I just felt awful for her. Like…
Feeling suffocated for so long.
Life is strange. Isn't it?
Yeah.
Yeah. it is.
[pool balls clatter]
You like pool?
[lively bluegrass music playing]
Fitting right in.
Yeah. he does have a knack.
What am I going to do?
I think you're just going to have
to follow your heart on this one.
[Quinn] Ah.
Hey. license to kill on this thing?
Yeah. go for it.
All right. fool. step aside. It's go time.
Go time?
D… Did I stutter? Yeah.
["I Fear You" by Tom Rhodes playing]
Excuse me.
Holy shit.
All right. pay up. sucker.
I want my money.
Thank you.
We had a bet.
-But a fair bet.
-Yeah. I just fairly whooped your ass.
I don't think your shoulder's fucked.
-What?
-Yeah.
I think you're. uh. you're faking it.
A pool shark thing.
Oh my god. you're ridiculous.
Give me my money.
-No. medical records. I want proof.
-Stop! [chuckles]
-You're being a sore loser. Stop.
-Then don't be a liar.
♪ I fear you. oh ♪
♪ I fear you ♪
Wait. So this clown walks in…
Yeah. So the clown walks in.
Very last minute.
mind you. super dramatic.
Every head turns. and he starts
a bidding war with his old man.
Jesus. Staten.
And then he bids $357.
and I swear to God.
I thought his old man's head
was going to pop.
No. that's just his head.
Well. shit.
I'm glad it worked out.
but I'm calling it. fellas.
No. Dan. stay a beer. Yancy's buying.
He's flush with cash.
-Yeah. come on.
-It's all right.
There are a lot of girls around here.
Yeah. well. that there are.
You know. I heard
that Derek and Angie are separated.
As I recall. you and Angie
had a bit of a history.
-Huh? I don't mean to overstep.
-Yeah.
Well. then don't. I'll see you. boys.
-All right.
-You. uh. watch for deer.
Just needs a little push. is all.
Come on. let's get a beer.
Hey. can I get two more beers. please?
Thank you.
-Where's all that stand?
-[bartender] Here you go.
Ah. it doesn't.
I've been kneecapped.
I've been kneecapped for six months.
You showed up and you fought for me.
'Cause that's what you do.
You fight. For what's important.
What you love.
Shit. man.
Take me to dinner first. would you?
I think we were wrong about that land.
I don't believe Cap made a bad call.
Why's that?
He invested in you. didn't he?
My granddad said you can find value
in any land. you just got to look for it.
You've got to keep fighting. kid.
It ain't just you anymore.
All right. I got to take a piss.
Holy shit.
Hey. hey! I know how to get rid of her.
How?
-You're not going to like it.
-Yeah? Try me.
Oh! Sorry.
Um… Oliver.
Staten Kirkland.
The Staten Kirkland?
Yeah.
I've heard a lot about you.
That's funny.
I've never heard anything about you.
Okay.
-Hey.
-You sound good out there.
-Nah. it was the band.
They were amazing. honestly.
-They just played "Crested Hens".
-Hm.
-Nobody knows that song.
-Ransom doesn't mess around.
Babe. I'm telling you. this place.
and then the stories
that the guys were telling me.
-Johnny Cash? You kidding me?
-What'd they tell you?
That he was passing through town in '68
when his tour bus breaks down.
And so. what does he do?
He sets up shop and plays for three days
straight while they fix the bus.
Not just that. he played here. When
this place was some old oil factory.
-Wow.
-Then his friends started piling in too.
Arlo. Waylon. Townes.
Willie freaking Nelson.
People came from all over to listen.
This place was a destination.
There was magic here.
[sighs]
There is still magic here.
You thinking what I'm thinking?
I think I am.
[Lauren] Hey. it's Lauren.
Leave a message.
[sighs]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[melancholic music playing]
[object clatters on counter]
[music fades]
Looks like someone's
drinking to something.
I am.
Grab a glass.
It depends what we're drinking to.
[chuckles]
My million-dollar idea.
[Quinn chuckles]
-Edge of my seat here. Quinn.
-All right.
The town's disappearing
right before my eyes.
My mom's trying to sell my farm.
Well. I know the feeling.
And… I'm gonna save it.
Gracie's was born out of a random
jam session just like that one.
The greats played here once. they're…
They're gonna play here again.
I'm gonna throw a music festival.
Right here.
And it's gonna be ongoing.
and it's gonna fuel this town
financially for years to come.
Know what I'm gonna do
with the first money that comes in?
Gonna buy back the farm.
I'm gonna buy back my sweet little farm.
[chuckling] I like it.
I mean. it's just a seed. but you know.
Hey. a hundred-year oak was just a seed.
-I'm sorry about yesterday at the diner.
-No.
-You don't have to do that.
-No. no. I do.
I was an asshole.
You were right.
I can't change the past.
but I can change the future.
-Staten!
-Did you say yes?
No. I didn't say yes.
I have to build a music festival
from the ground up.
and I'd like to focus on that right now.
Good.
Good?
I got a little time.
To the music festival.
Yeah. of course. to the music festival.
[sighs]
Lovely.
This where you're hiding my body?
You and I are gonna pull a job.
One more for the road.
Are we now?
[intriguing music playing]
On who?
Sam Kirkland.
He's got a gambler's heart
and cash to spend. I know it.
He's ripe for the take.
so we're gonna take him.
How?
Oil.
We convince him there's black gold
on this useless land.
Reel him in. run the price.
take him for a massive score.
We could pocket the whole thing.
I keep my ranch. and...
I'll give you your divorce.
Sam Kirkland…
That is a big fish.
Yancy. darling. I just fleeced you.
textbook "Bird in the Hand."
I'm not about to pull some harebrained
scheme for a little cash.
Yeah. you are.
And why is that?
Because I know you… darling.
And I know you can't resist.
[music fades]
[gentle upbeat music playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm